Change the `Elastic Managed LLM` to `Elastic Managed LLMs` (#4904)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/_snippets/elastic-managed-llm.md

[Preconfigured AI Connctors](kibana://reference/connectors-kibana/elastic-managed-llm.md) are available in {{kib}} deployments and serverless projects with an appropriate [subscription or feature tier](https://www.elastic.co/pricing). They provide immediate access to generative AI features without requiring any setup or external model integration.  

> Preconfigured AI Connctors are available out-of-the box. They do not require manual configuration or API key management. Alternatively, you can configure and use third-party LLM connectors, such as OpenAI, Azure, or Amazon Bedrock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preconfigured AI Connectors are available out-of-the box. They do not require manual configuration or API key management. Alternatively, you can configure and use third-party LLM connectors, such as OpenAI, Azure, or Amazon Bedrock.
```

Elastic Managed LLMs are available out-of-the box. They do not require manual configuration or API key management. Alternatively, you can configure and use third-party LLM connectors, such as OpenAI, Azure, or Amazon Bedrock.

To learn more about security and data privacy, refer to [Elastic Managed LLMs](kibana://reference/connectors-kibana/elastic-managed-llm.md) which provides details on the models.

:::{important}

> Using Preconfigured AI Connectors incurs additional costs. Refer to [{{ecloud}} pricing](https://www.elastic.co/pricing/serverless-search) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using Elastic Managed LLMs incurs additional costs. Refer to [{{ecloud}} pricing](https://www.elastic.co/pricing/serverless-search) for more information.
```
